T2D-363 — Validate study accession on creation (#84)
EBIvariation/metadata-ws: docs/using-the-service.md

# Using the metadata service

## Study queries

> Please note that a comma symbol (`,`) is not permitted to be used in a study accession, because this symbol is used to separate study accessions when configuring access control.

Reviewer: We should document the dot as well.
```suggestion
Please note that a comma (`,`) and dot (.) symbols are not permitted to be used in a study accession. Dot is used to separate a study accession and version and comma is used to separate study accessions when configuring access control.
```
